[kubernetes control plane] Add additional sections about managed services (#10998)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/control_plane.md

    bind-address: 0.0.0.0
```

> ## Kubernetes on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service {#EKS}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kubernetes on Amazon EKS {#EKS}
```

> On EKS, AWS exposes API Server metrics via [a single endpoint][5]. This allows the Datadog Agent to obtain API Server metrics using endpoint checks as described in the [Kubernetes API Server metrics check documentation][6]. To conigure the check, add the following annotations to the `default/kubernetes` service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS), AWS exposes API server metrics on a [single endpoint][5]. This allows the Datadog Agent to obtain API server metrics using endpoint checks as described in the [Kubernetes API Server metrics documentation][6]. To configure the check, add the following annotations to the `default/kubernetes` service:
```

Author: Thanks @ruthnaebeck ! I noticed we capitalized `Server` in `API Server` elsewhere in the doc, I'll update the capitalization in other sections too. This seems to be consistent with what we do elsewhere (and in the Kubernetes docs)

```yaml
annotations:
  ad.datadoghq.com/endpoints.check_names: '["kube_apiserver_metrics"]'
  ad.datadoghq.com/endpoints.init_configs: '[{}]'
  ad.datadoghq.com/endpoints.instances:
    '[{ "prometheus_url": "https://%%host%%:%%port%%/metrics", "bearer_token_auth": "true" }]'
```

Other control plane components are not exposed in EKS and cannot be monitored.

> ## Kubernetes on Managed Services (Azure Kubernetes Service, Google Kubernetes Engine) {#ManagedServices}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kubernetes on managed services (AKS, GKE) {#ManagedServices}
```

> On most Managed Services the user cannot access the control plane components. As a result, it is not possible to run the `kube_apiserver`, `kube_controller_manager`, `kube_scheduler`, and `etcd` checks in these environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On managed services, such as Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) or Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), the user cannot access the control plane components. As a result, it is not possible to run the `kube_apiserver`, `kube_controller_manager`, `kube_scheduler`, and `etcd` checks in these environments.
```

Author: I think it might be better to keep "most" since EKS is also a managed service; or should I use "other"?
